== README

WINDOWS INSTRUCTIONS
1. Download Ruby 2.1.4 from http://rubyinstaller.org/downloads
2. Open command prompt and type ```gem install rails``` to install Rails 4
3. Download imagemagick from http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php#windows
4. Extract and move the folder to C:/Program Files so that the path will be ```C:/Program Files/ImageMagick-6.8.9-Q16```
5. In command prompt, type ```bundle install``` to download dependencies 
6. To set up the database ```rake db:migrate```
7. Run the rails server by typing ```rails server```
8. Run web application by accessing the address ```localhost:3000``` in a web browser

MAC INSTRUCTIONS
1. Ruby is already installed on Mac but users may wish to download the latest version of rails from http://rubyinstaller.org/downloads
2. Open a terminal and type ```gem install rails``` to install Rails 4
3. Download imagemagick from http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php#macosx
4. Extract and move the folder to some path.
5. Modify this line ```Paperclip.options[:command_path] = "C:/Program Files/ImageMagick-6.8.9-Q16"``` in ```config/environments/development.rb``` to the path where you put imagemagick
6. In command prompt, type ```bundle install``` to download dependencies 
7. To set up the database ```rake db:migrate```
8. Run the rails server by typing ```rails server``
9. Run web application by accessing the address ```localhost:3000``` in a web browser

TESTING INSTRUCTIONS
1. To Test our software, you will need to first download Firefox at https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/
2. First type ```bundle install``` to download dependencies.
3. Then, set up the database ```rake db:migrate```
4. Use this test command ```rake db:schema:load RAILS_ENV = test``` and any other tests can follow after.
5. Unit tests can be found in the "test" folder
6. The command, ```rake test``` will run the unit tests.
7. Functional tests can be found in the "spec" folder.
8. The command, ```bundle exec rspec``` will run the selenium test.
9. If you need to rerun the tests, type ```rake db:drop``` and ```rake db:migrate``` to restart the test database.

LOAD BALANCING
1. Run ```bundle install``` to install gem thin.
2. Install nginx1.7.7 from http://nginx.org/en/download.html
3. nginx.conf file must be configured first.
4. Use command ```start nginx```
5. Use command ```thin start -a 127.0.0.1 -p 3000``` to start application server. To make another server, use the same command on a different port such as 3001 and 3002.
6. The application with load balancing can be reached at address localhost:80 or as configured in nginx.conf.